docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Cypress
slug: /cypress
---

# Use Argos with Cypress

Integrating Argos with your [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) tests to enable visual testing on your application.

Cypress already offers a command to take screenshots. The official Argos Cypress integration uses it but also does several things:

- Wait for all images to be loaded
- Wait for all fonts to be loaded
- Wait for no `aria-busy` (loader) elements to be present in the page
- Hide scrollbars
- Hide carets
- Expose CSS helpers to help you hiding content

## 1. Setup

```
npm install --save-dev @argos-ci/cli @argos-ci/cypress
```

And add this line to your `cypress/support/index.js` file.

```js
import "@argos-ci/cypress/support";
```

## 2. Use in your tests

`cy.argosScreenshot` command stabilizes the UI and takes a screenshot.

_How to take a screenshot with `cy.argosScreenshot` command_

```js
describe("Homepage", () => {
  it("screenshots the page", () => {
    // Screenshot a full page
    cy.argosScreenshot("home");

    // Screenshot a component
    cy.get("main div.breadcrumb").argosScreenshot("home-breadcrumb");
  });
});
```

## 3. Upload screenshots to Argos

Before publishing, generate a unique `<project-token>` by [subscribing to Argos](https://github.com/marketplace/argos-ci).

Once you installed the `@argos-ci/cli` package and have a `<project-token>`, run the following command in your project directory.

```
npx argos upload --token <project-token> cypress/screenshots
```

## API

### cy.argosScreenshot([name][, options])

- `name` - The screenshot name; must be unique; default value to test title
- `options` - See [cy.screenshot command options](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/screenshot)

#### Helper attributes

The `data-visual-test` attributes allow you to control how elements behave in the Argos screenshot.

It is often used to hide changing element like dates.

- `[data-visual-test="transparent"]` - Make the element transparent (`opacity: 0`)
- `[data-visual-test="removed"]` - Remove the element (`display: none`)
- `[data-visual-test="blackout"]` - Blacked out the element

_How to use an helper to hide a div from a screenshot_

```html
<div id="clock" data-visual-test="transparent">...</div>
```

## Resources

- [Example of Argos + Cypress](https://github.com/argos-ci/argos/tree/main/examples/cypress)
- [@argos-ci/cypress on GitHub](https://github.com/argos-ci/argos-cypress)
- [@argos-ci/cypress on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@argos-ci/cypress)

Commit message:

docs: add location of screenshots

docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Cypress
slug: /cypress
---

# Use Argos with Cypress

Integrating Argos with your [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) tests to enable visual testing on your application.

Cypress already offers a command to take screenshots. The official Argos Cypress integration uses it but also does several things:

- Wait for all images to be loaded
- Wait for all fonts to be loaded
- Wait for no `aria-busy` (loader) elements to be present in the page
- Hide scrollbars
- Hide carets
- Expose CSS helpers to help you hiding content

## 1. Setup

```
npm install --save-dev @argos-ci/cli @argos-ci/cypress
```

And add this line to your `cypress/support/index.js` file.

```js
import "@argos-ci/cypress/support";
```

## 2. Use in your tests

`cy.argosScreenshot` command stabilizes the UI and takes a screenshot.

_How to take a screenshot with `cy.argosScreenshot` command_

```js
describe("Homepage", () => {
  it("screenshots the page", () => {
    // Screenshot a full page
    cy.argosScreenshot("home");

    // Screenshot a component
    cy.get("main div.breadcrumb").argosScreenshot("home-breadcrumb");
  });
});
```

By default screenshots are stored in `cypress/screenshots` folder, relative to current directory.

## 3. Upload screenshots to Argos

Before publishing, generate a unique `<project-token>` by [subscribing to Argos](https://github.com/marketplace/argos-ci).

Once you installed the `@argos-ci/cli` package and have a `<project-token>`, run the following command in your project directory.

```
npx argos upload --token <project-token> cypress/screenshots
```

## API

### cy.argosScreenshot([name][, options])

- `name` - The screenshot name; must be unique; default value to test title
- `options` - See [cy.screenshot command options](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/screenshot)

#### Helper attributes

The `data-visual-test` attributes allow you to control how elements behave in the Argos screenshot.

It is often used to hide changing element like dates.

- `[data-visual-test="transparent"]` - Make the element transparent (`opacity: 0`)
- `[data-visual-test="removed"]` - Remove the element (`display: none`)
- `[data-visual-test="blackout"]` - Blacked out the element

_How to use an helper to hide a div from a screenshot_

```html
<div id="clock" data-visual-test="transparent">...</div>
```

## Resources

- [Example of Argos + Cypress](https://github.com/argos-ci/argos/tree/main/examples/cypress)
- [@argos-ci/cypress on GitHub](https://github.com/argos-ci/argos-cypress)
- [@argos-ci/cypress on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@argos-ci/cypress)
